1. Write a program to copy one file to another using file system calls.
2. Write a program to demonstrate the concept of parent & child processes using fork () 
system call in which the parent reads a file name from the keyboard and child process uses 
the file name and reads first 10 characters from the file.
3. Write a program to accept an array before forking and sort the array in child and display.
4. Write a program to accept an array before forking and search the array in child for an element accepted and display the result.
5. Write a program to write some characters to a file and close it in the parent. Child should open the same file in child and display.
6. Accept two numbers and operator (+, -, *, /) as command line arguments. Perform numerical operation as per operator in the child and display the result.
7. Write a program to accept an integer before forking and child has to generate multiplication table corresponding to the integer.




Pipes Programs 

1. Write a program using pipe to send a string from parent to child in order to print 
number of characters and digits in the string. 
2. Write a program using pipe to accept integer at parent and pass it to child. 
Child should check that number is Armstrong number or not and accordingly send a message - YES or NO to parent. 
3. Write a program using pipe to accept an array of integers at parent and pass it to child. 
Child will pick only even numbers and return array of even numbers to parent. 
4. Write a program using pipe to accept details of a student such as - RegNo, Mark1, Mark2, Mark3 and send it to child. 
Child will find average and accordingly assign Grades (A+, A, B, C, D, E, F- assume some criteria) and return grade to Parent. 
5. Write a program using pipe to accept a matrix on n X n and pass it to child. Child will multiply each element of 
user’s choice to each element return new matrix back to parent. 
6. Write a program using pipe to accept a string and pass it to child. 
Child will check the string whether it is palindrome or not. If palindrome then return message 
PALLINDROME otherwise NOT PALLINDROME to Parent.